* Suit and Rank / set theory 
  * And is an operator
  * Card = S and R
    * S X R      
      * S cross R
      * Cartesian products
      * Combines every element in one set with every element in  another set creating pairs
        * Get the set of ordered pairs (ace, spades)
    * S X R = {(S,A),(S,2)...}
  * C++ does not but other languages have Tuple
    * Tuple will pair 
      * Tuple is the generic pair of pairs, triples, quadoples 
  * Look at haskcal 
    * Functional language
    * Based on type theory
      * Set is collection of elements / values
      * Type is a set of values
          * Only different is in definition
  * Reread discrete book 
    * To learn set theory
  * When a value is a type then it generally does not belong to any other type
  * The x is not cartiaions product here by the product type
  * For tuple in c++ use standard
    * std::Get\<0\>(x);
  * Tuple is like a class
    * Contain the different value types
* Now we want to add a joker to our deck 
  * Can make 2 sets on standard card
    * SC=S X R 
  * We also can have the red black for colors
    * Color = {R,B}
    * JokerCard = Color
      * But it is still different than that
        * Since it does not equal same card that is Red
    * Also color is not the card so it needs to encapsulate the color 
      * JC={(B),(R),}
        * struct JC{
 	          * Joker c;};
  * So a card is either standard card or joker cards
    * Definitely not both (not and)
    * Playing card = standard rd U joker card
    * Basically just append the (R),(B) on the ned of the card set
      * Card = {(S,A),(S,2),...(R)(B)}
  * The enum for joker will have same bit pattern than suit and rank so how do we represent with and’s and or’s
    * Without a hack/ optimization to start it differently
  * We have
    * struct PC {
	    * SC s;
 	    * JC s; };
    * Not good since this is and but we don't have an ace and a joker so use union
      * Union PC {
	      * SC s;
	      * JC s; };
        * It is either one or
          * So when it is initialized you can only access the one you assigned first 
            * It is very unsafe and crates bugs
            * But is useful
        * Need to know how you initialized it before you use it
    * PC = SC U PC (should be half a box instead of U)
      * Disjoint union
        * Forces the 2 sets to be disjoint so the two sets are disjoint
* Disjoint union set
  * Create a label 
    * L={0,1}
    * Unique value to be combined with this operator to represent
      * SoUT1(idk what that is anymore)
  * SC’ = {0} X SC = {(0,(A,S)),...}
    * Add 0 to every element to the set
    * And joker do that same with 1 to get the cross
      * JC’ = {1} X JC = {(1,R),(1,B)}
  * Now we can look at the first value and see if it is SC or JC
    * PC = SC’ U JC’
    * Do this by 
      * struct PC {
        * union Data {
          * SC s; 
          * JC j;
        * };
        * Int T; };
      * Tagged union / piscriniate
        * Lets use know what we are looking at
      * This is called a sum type
        * PC = SC + JC
      * Or variant which is the data structure that we made
  * If you want or this is what your design space will be
    * If you have and it will be classes and structs
  * Variant is new in c++ and is in c++17
  * Program example of Card creation
      * Use standard variant to create a variant 
        * It is different to do and will lend to bugs
      1. enum Suit { …
      2. enum Rank { …
      3. enum Color { 
 	    4.  Red, 
 	    5.  Black,
      6. }
      7. class JokerCard{
      8.  private:
 	    9.  Color color;
      10. public:
 	    11.   JokerCard(Color c)
 		  12.     : Color(c)
 	    13.   Color get_color…
      14. //represents a playing card which is either a standard card or a joker card
      15. //this is a tagged or disjoint union
      16. union PlayingCard data {
 	    17.   StandardCard sc;
 	    18.   JokerCard jc;
      20. };
      21. //if you create it as standard card it can’t access it as if it was a joker
      22. class PlayingCard {
      23.   private:
 	    25.     Int kind;
 	    26.     //this is the tag or discriminator (at least our first pass on it)
 	    27.     PlayingCard data;
 	    28.     //this holds underline combined 
      29.  public:
 	    30.     PlayingCard(StandardCard sc);
 	    31.     PlayingCard(JokerCard sc);
 		  32.     //will create standard card 
 		  33.     //then joker around it
      * Or 
        1. PlayingCard(Suit s, Rank r)
 	      2.  : kind(0), data(s,r)
        3. {}
        4. PlayingCard(Color c)
 	      5.  : kind(1), data(c)
        6. {}
        * We need constructors in the union as well for this
          * 0 is normal card and calls normal constructor
          * Union is public by default 
        1. union PlayingCardData{
 	      2.    PlayingCardData(Suit s, Rank r)
 		    3.       : SC(c)
 	      4.    …
 		    5.       : JC(c)
      * Kind should have labels instead of 0 and 1
        * Make a enum than we can use the name
      * Construct deck will call
        * Card{Queen, Hearts}
      * To print it out you now need to know if it’s SC or JC
        * operator<<
          * If (c.is_standard() return OS;
        * For get rank it now needs 
          * return data.SC.get_rank()
            * Since its now nested
          * Or can return standard card
            * StandardCard get_standard() const {return data.SC}
  * This joker has 63 bits of wasted data with this implementation
  * To prevent using joker as standard card
    * Use assertion
      * Get_rank
      * assert(is_standard());
    * Remember asserts go away when you build for release
    * To put guard rails on your own thing so you don't use it wrong (or other people using your shit)
* To use variant 
  * Struct PlayingCard
 	    * : std::variant<StandardCard, JokerCard> 
  * {};

